oh that's good it's good how can you
heat it up maple syrup sweetens it up
this adds of zest to it you can put an
avocado minute or so I started out with
his ten years ago know what this is we
crashed use right so Jason any questions
when were filming this yeah I'd like to
what I'd like to know is you got me into
raw foods yeah and everything wrong I'm
pretty excited about it but everybody
that's watching everybody that's
interested in the Guru that you are in
your raw foods give them a kind of a
game plan how do how would you get
started doing raw food what do you need
what does it take to get rolling and how
long do you have to dedicate yourself to
raw foods in order to see some results I
mean ok I want to get rid of this a lot
of people want to get rid of okay so
what do you do ok it's great having a
combo with you Jason because you know
this your video expert and I know you
didn't like the top apple sales in the
United States compusa sell the United
States so thanks to those things we can
stream to get this message out bottom
line with raw is a lot of people with
fast food and believe me I've done
plenty of fast food thousand times as
fast food is deadly Rob through this
life through the Sun energy comes down
hits the plants and then if you get it
in your body you know you're not eating
something that used to have a face
you're not killing something to eat it
so it's live food and what happens is a
lot of people out misconceptions about
it but if you just start trying okay
okay you know you need more purified
water if you just start trying it and
sweeten it up with maple syrup it
actually tastes great um and then you
feel great you don't feel weighed down
you start clearing out the fat starts
melting away and for instance people go
I talked about people oh no that's
faculty it isn't fat it's the good fat
that goes in your body and replaces the
bad fat that's come from
trans fat is human gesture for less 20
or 30 years well so Rob foods basically
you're putting in the good you're
putting good in your body instead of
dead from and you starting to become
more alive you start to become younger
feel better your joints work better it's
just phenomenal so it's it's the way to
go you don't have to go in a percent raw
you and I are kind of like go for it
tight people so we're going on a percent
raw right now but you just start getting
it in your body so look it over here JC
got some great food check it out bananas
potassium this great stuff getting in
oranges apples onions don't get the food
in your body and make it so it's fun
whether you go 100 perceptron ten
percent raw just start doing it we'll
start with fruit in the morning Green
Greeks in the afternoon and then you
know I'm interested to see like you
maintain really good muscle eating raw
one of the secrets spinach these are
actually bodybuilding foods and I'll
finish it off of this look at a horse
sometime look at the musculature on a
horse fantastic or a gorilla they're
eating raw foods and they're the some of
the strongest animals on the earth so
I'm excited Jason and we're going to go
for it Bob seven is going to be the best
year of our lives isn't it definitely
right on Jay so good job